if
if in hearing the utterance of animal
in hearing the utterance of animal
in hearing the utterance of animal of witness whether he had seen on no no
of witness whether he had seen on no no
of witness whether he had seen on no no matter if he does not tell it he bears
matter if he does not tell it he bears
matter if he does not tell it he bears guilt or if a person touches any unclean
guilt or if a person touches any unclean
guilt or if a person touches any unclean thing whether it is the carcass of an
thing whether it is the carcass of an
thing whether it is the carcass of an unclean beast or the carcass of unclean
unclean beast or the carcass of unclean
unclean beast or the carcass of unclean livestock or the carcass of unclean
livestock or the carcass of unclean
livestock or the carcass of unclean creeping things and he is unaware of it
creeping things and he is unaware of it
creeping things and he is unaware of it he also shall be unclean and guilty or
he also shall be unclean and guilty or
he also shall be unclean and guilty or if he touches human uncleanness whatever
if he touches human uncleanness whatever
if he touches human uncleanness whatever uncleanness with which a man may be
uncleanness with which a man may be
uncleanness with which a man may be defiled and he is unaware of it when he
defiled and he is unaware of it when he
defiled and he is unaware of it when he realizes it then he shall be guilty or
realizes it then he shall be guilty or
realizes it then he shall be guilty or if a person swears speaking fort lessly
if a person swears speaking fort lessly
if a person swears speaking fort lessly with his lips to do evil or to do good
with his lips to do evil or to do good
with his lips to do evil or to do good whatever it is that a man may pronounced
whatever it is that a man may pronounced
whatever it is that a man may pronounced by an oath and he is unaware of it when
by an oath and he is unaware of it when
by an oath and he is unaware of it when he realizes it then he shall be guilty
he realizes it then he shall be guilty
he realizes it then he shall be guilty in any of these matters and it shall be
in any of these matters and it shall be
in any of these matters and it shall be when he is guilty in any of these
when he is guilty in any of these
when he is guilty in any of these matters that he shall confess that he
matters that he shall confess that he
matters that he shall confess that he has sinned in that thing and he shall
has sinned in that thing and he shall
has sinned in that thing and he shall bring his trespass offering to the Lord
bring his trespass offering to the Lord
bring his trespass offering to the Lord for his sin which he has committed a
for his sin which he has committed a
for his sin which he has committed a female from the flock a lamb or a kid of
female from the flock a lamb or a kid of
female from the flock a lamb or a kid of the goats as a sin offering so the
the goats as a sin offering so the
the goats as a sin offering so the priest shall make atonement for him
priest shall make atonement for him
priest shall make atonement for him concerning his sin if he is not able to
concerning his sin if he is not able to
concerning his sin if he is not able to bring a lamb then he shall bring to the
bring a lamb then he shall bring to the
bring a lamb then he shall bring to the Lord for his trespass which he has
Lord for his trespass which he has
Lord for his trespass which he has committed two turtledoves or two young
committed two turtledoves or two young
committed two turtledoves or two young pigeons one as a sin offering and the
pigeons one as a sin offering and the
pigeons one as a sin offering and the other is a burnt offering
other is a burnt offering
other is a burnt offering and he shall bring them to the priests
and he shall bring them to the priests
and he shall bring them to the priests who shall offer that which is for the
who shall offer that which is for the
who shall offer that which is for the sin offering first and ring off its head
sin offering first and ring off its head
sin offering first and ring off its head from its neck but shall not divide it
from its neck but shall not divide it
from its neck but shall not divide it completely then he shall sprinkle some
completely then he shall sprinkle some
completely then he shall sprinkle some of the blood of the sin offering on the
of the blood of the sin offering on the
of the blood of the sin offering on the side of the altar and the rest of the
side of the altar and the rest of the
side of the altar and the rest of the blood shall be drained out at the base
blood shall be drained out at the base
blood shall be drained out at the base of the altar it is a sin offering and he
of the altar it is a sin offering and he
of the altar it is a sin offering and he shall offer the second as a burnt
shall offer the second as a burnt
shall offer the second as a burnt offering according to the prescribed
offering according to the prescribed
offering according to the prescribed manner so the priest shall make
manner so the priest shall make
manner so the priest shall make atonement on his behalf for his sin
atonement on his behalf for his sin
atonement on his behalf for his sin which he has committed and it shall be
which he has committed and it shall be
which he has committed and it shall be forgiven him but if he is not able to
forgiven him but if he is not able to
forgiven him but if he is not able to bring two turtledoves or two young
bring two turtledoves or two young
bring two turtledoves or two young pigeons then he who sinned shall bring
pigeons then he who sinned shall bring
pigeons then he who sinned shall bring for his offering one tenth of an ephah
for his offering one tenth of an ephah
for his offering one tenth of an ephah of fine flour as a sin offering he shall
of fine flour as a sin offering he shall
of fine flour as a sin offering he shall put no oil on it nor shall he put
put no oil on it nor shall he put
put no oil on it nor shall he put frankincense on it for it is a sin in
frankincense on it for it is a sin in
frankincense on it for it is a sin in offering then he shall bring it to the
offering then he shall bring it to the
offering then he shall bring it to the priest and the priest shall take his
priest and the priest shall take his
priest and the priest shall take his handful of it as a memorial portion and
handful of it as a memorial portion and
handful of it as a memorial portion and burn it on the altar according to the
burn it on the altar according to the
burn it on the altar according to the offerings made by fire to the Lord it is
offerings made by fire to the Lord it is
offerings made by fire to the Lord it is a sin offering the priest shall make
a sin offering the priest shall make
a sin offering the priest shall make atonement for him for his sin that he
atonement for him for his sin that he
atonement for him for his sin that he has committed in any of these matters
has committed in any of these matters
has committed in any of these matters and it shall be forgiven him the rest
and it shall be forgiven him the rest
and it shall be forgiven him the rest shall be the priests as a grain offering
shall be the priests as a grain offering
shall be the priests as a grain offering then the Lord spoke to Moses if a person
then the Lord spoke to Moses if a person
then the Lord spoke to Moses if a person commits a trespass and sins
commits a trespass and sins
commits a trespass and sins unintentionally in regard to the holy
unintentionally in regard to the holy
unintentionally in regard to the holy things of the Lord then he shall bring
things of the Lord then he shall bring
things of the Lord then he shall bring to the Lord as his trespass offering a
to the Lord as his trespass offering a
to the Lord as his trespass offering a ram without blemish from the flocks with
ram without blemish from the flocks with
ram without blemish from the flocks with your valuation in shekels of silver
your valuation in shekels of silver
your valuation in shekels of silver according to the shekel of the sanctuary
according to the shekel of the sanctuary
according to the shekel of the sanctuary as a trespass offering and he shall make
as a trespass offering and he shall make
as a trespass offering and he shall make restitution for the harm that he has
restitution for the harm that he has
restitution for the harm that he has done in regard to the holy thing and
done in regard to the holy thing and
done in regard to the holy thing and shall add one-fifth to it and give it to
shall add one-fifth to it and give it to
shall add one-fifth to it and give it to the priest so the priest shall make
the priest so the priest shall make
the priest so the priest shall make atonement for him with the RAM of the
atonement for him with the RAM of the
atonement for him with the RAM of the trespass offering and it shall be
trespass offering and it shall be
trespass offering and it shall be forgiven him if a person sins and
forgiven him if a person sins and
forgiven him if a person sins and commits any of these things which are
commits any of these things which are
commits any of these things which are forbidden to be done by the commandments
forbidden to be done by the commandments
forbidden to be done by the commandments of the Lord though he does not know it
of the Lord though he does not know it
of the Lord though he does not know it yet he is guilty and shall bear his
yet he is guilty and shall bear his
yet he is guilty and shall bear his iniquity and he shall bring to the
iniquity and he shall bring to the
iniquity and he shall bring to the priest a ram without blemish from the
priest a ram without blemish from the
priest a ram without blemish from the flock with your valuation as a trespass
flock with your valuation as a trespass
flock with your valuation as a trespass offering so the priest shall make
offering so the priest shall make
offering so the priest shall make atonement for him regarding his
atonement for him regarding his
atonement for him regarding his ignorance in which he erred and did not
ignorance in which he erred and did not
ignorance in which he erred and did not know it and it shall be forgiven him it
know it and it shall be forgiven him it
know it and it shall be forgiven him it is a trespass offering
is a trespass offering
is a trespass offering he has certainly trespassed against the
he has certainly trespassed against the
he has certainly trespassed against the Lord